saveStateEnabled prop doc update for iOS (#546)
PDFTron/pdftron-react-native: API.md

bool, optional, default to true

Sets whether to remember the last visited page and zoom for a document if it gets opened again.

> For iOS it only remember the last visited page for local docs and it does not remember the zoom for the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS this prop only applies to local documents and saves the last visited page. The zoom is not saved.

On Android the zoom and last visited page are saved for both local and remote documents.
```
